Dear David,
After six weeks of streptomycin shots and a total of eleven weeks of rest in bed we have conclusive proof that the ulcers in my bronchial tubes have not healed. The short period of the streptomycin inhalations could not have brought on the results if the ulceration had even partially healed. To try further would mean many more months of bed rest — more shots and inhalations — I can’t remain at the hospital for the winter months and a prolonged stay at a rest home is out of the question. I did some figuring — the weekly rate there — the amount of streptomycin for shots and inhalations plus the doctor’s weekly visits would total to over $200 a week — I can’t bleed my family for any such amount of money, and that means that as soon as the money I have in my checking account runs out I would have to return home — back to the same conditions which caused me to go downhill so steadily. It’s a vicious circle from which there seems no escape. I could of course use up the money from the sale of our furnishings and silver as well as some I put aside for the furnishing of our home — but all it put together would be like a drop ion the bucket — besides I am now convinced that my condition is too chronic and therefore a cure doubtful.
All of a sudden all will and determination to fight on has left me. I have long ago prepared myself for the time when I reached the end of the trail. I feel calm and at peace and grateful that I can go to sleep painlessly. I feel justified in terminating a life which no longer holds any hope of having the essentials which make it worth living — I did desperately want to get well — I still had much to live for — hope for recovery — hope of a reunion with the children — work which I loved and which could have given me financial security and great satisfaction. But it was not to be — I am defeated and exhausted physically and emotionally.
Please tell the children that I loved them always and that my love has never faltered. I grieve that I could not have had the joy of being close to our babies, but that is no one’s fault. Thank God they are well — with my passing all menace to their wellbeing will have disappeared.
I want you to know that I have a deep affection for you. I am deeply grateful for all your kindness. I wish I could have made a happier life for you. It was mostly my fault, please forgive me.
Please write to Fran and Tony and to Marilyn and Jim and tell them that my love and gratitude could not possibly be put into words. Their generosity, devotion, love and tact made it possible for me to accept their financial help over a long period of time. I wish with all my heart that they might have been better rewarded — All of you, my dear ones, I ask to keep my memory alive in your hearts — To live on in the hearts of our dear ones is all that I can conceive of immortality. Please think of me kindly. Remember that which was good and lovely in our relationship and forgive me for the many mistakes I have made. Now that it is all said I feel at peace.
I want Dr. B. to officiate at my funeral. I think Joe would like to have him with him at that time.
Dear David,
I am said that I must go just a few days before your birthday — but it so happened to pan out. I see no good in incurring the expense and misery of the bronchoscopy. I wish I could spare you the ordeal you have ahead. Try not to grieve. I ask all of you, my dear ones, not to mourn my passing. Be glad I am at least free from the misery of the bronchoscopy. I wish I could spare you the ordeal you have ahead. Try not to grieve. I ask all of you, my dear ones, not to mourn my passing. Be glad I am at least free from the miseries and loneliness I have endured for so long and that at last I’ll have peace and rest…
